Bet we all traveled
What else do you want?
Don't go overboard.
I wonder if Liang Shao remembers
The agreement just made at the door
Since you want my eyes
Then it's time for you to keep your promise too?
Joe? I don't know what you mean.
Liang Shao, you have to admit it
If it weren't for Master Yang just now
Something is going to happen to my dad today
You must fulfill the bet
Tell everyone about you and Miss Wu
I, Mr. Liang, you really can't afford it
Liang Shao, don't listen to them
Get out of here, bitch
Ok I say
He is 5 cm
Intentionally seduce Yang Ming
Slander Yang Ming for rape
I just want to get his Yang family's cemetery
Give it to my parents
Okay, it's not that that
This is what happened in the rape case back then
I told you
This Master Yang really looks like that person
Can we go now?
Liang Shao Liang Shao
roll
I don't want to see you again
Ah Yao Ming
Shall we start over?
You see, you've made it.
I got lost too
Can you forgive me again?